
NEWS for CardinaliView package
------------------------------

Version 0.6 [2014-6-3]

o Rewritten with a new class structure using Reference Classes
o New object-oriented design of all aspects of the GUI 
o Focus on visualization and comparison of multiple datasets
o Switch to a single-window tabbed design with expandable views
o Old GUI still available

Version 0.5 [2014-2-19]

o New version for new Cardinal refactoring work for Bioconductor.

Version 0.4 [2013-11-7]

o Fixed issue causing memory problems when loading large datasets.
o Fixed issue with the default intensity range when viewing
	images that have been contrast-enhanced or smoothed.

Version 0.3 [2013-7-5]

o Added progress bars and detailed progress output.
o Added support for multiple image slices.
o Added option for loading peaks to explore an unprocessed dataset.
o Added option to support interpolation on images.
o Added option to support visualizing probabilities of a classes in
	an 'MSImageSegmentation' object.
o Added peak picking across an ROI or the full dataset.
o Added export of plots and images, including trellis versions.

Version 0.2 [2013-6-20]

o Package renamed from internal code-name "Canary" to "Cardinal".
o Split off "CardinalGUI" to a new package called "CardinaliView".
o GUI completely re-written from scratch.
o Now based on gWidgets and RGtk2 with tcltk as fallback.

Version 0.1 [2013-6-6]
o First internal release for Stanford Canary Center for Cancer
	Early Detection as primary beta testers.
o Implementation of MSImageSet S4 class; mass spectra are stored as a
	flat matrix with rows as features and columns as pixels; original
	data cube can be reconstructed dynamically using a position array;
	spectra stored using environments to prevent redundant data copying.
o Visualization that includes plotting ion images and mass spectra,
	using both base graphics and lattice graphics, allowing trellis
	display of multiple ion images and multipe mass spectra.
o Pre-processing for that includes normalization, baseline correct,
	peak-picking, peak-alignment, resampling, and binning.
o Multivaritate statistical analysis includes PCA, PLS, and OPLS.
o Supervised analysis includes a spatially-aware version of nearest
	shrunken centroids, PLS-DA, and OPLS-DA.
o Unsupervised analysis includes spatially-aware clustering based on
	nearest shrunken centroids, and an implementation based on sparse
	k-means.
o GUI based on tcltk using rpanel that supports all major
	processing and statistical analysis methods in the package,
	except for PLS and OPLS.

